hey dr k um in the past you mentioned
what contributes
to making friends meeting potential
partner unplanned regular action
interaction plus shared goal
what are your thoughts on and tips
regarding meeting people over the
interla
internet and online dating now that is
our only option
a side question how do you jump a bridge
between introductory small talk and
free-flowing conversation
i've matched with girls on tinder not
exclusive to online interaction before
virus met people with something
in common at parties but never started a
conversation
being terrified of not knowing what i
should say to spark interest
and have the other side engage back is
there something internally
holding back that i should think about
and digest or is there a technique that
can help me get through
okay so chat i've been thinking about
this for a long time i think
i think we gotta we gotta come up with
like a you know
how to date and meet people by dr k
because i i'm okay we're gonna talk
about this okay okay
okay how do you jump a bridge between
introductory small talk and free-flowing
conversation
being terrified of not knowing what i
should say to spark interest and have
the other side engage back so this is
the key thing okay
all right so let's think about this okay
chat all right stay with me now
okay so here's the thing when y'all talk
to someone
it's not your job to spark interest
it's not your job to make the other
person engage back
i want you guys to think about
interactions with
we're gonna assume a heteronormative and
male standpoint
your job is not to make them like you or
get them interested
your job you're like you're like a
street vendor who has a table of stuff
that is laid out right so your job is to
lay out the stuff on the table
and if they're interested they'll
you know they'll play the game but you
it's not about saying the right thing or
the wrong thing
it's about saying what you have to say
and so like put yourself out there right
so i'm not i don't mean
dick pic that's a terrible idea under
all circumstances but i mean like
you know especially if you're a male
like you know do a little bit of the
male dance
and and so there's small talk but then
like i think there are a couple of
questions that you can
you can ask um you know like what was
2020 like for you
you know so that's like that's like a
great kind of open-ended question
but generally speaking you want to you
want to show people like who you
are and if they're interested in that
they'll engage with you and if they're
not interested in that they won't
but what you don't want to do is like
try to get them to spark interest
and try to get them to engage with you
by like being something that's
inauthentic
because then it's like you're just
setting yourself up for failure down the
road
so just be who you are and be authentic
as it turns out in my experience most
women find that
attractive right when you're just like
authentic and fun
and like when you're cognitively focused
on like enjoying yourself and being who
you are
as opposed to like trying to be
something that you're not which is like
so
cognitively intense that you're like
living a lie and there's all this like
subconscious processing going on
like you just can't you're not relaxed
you're overthinking it
you're less fun so just be who you are
and
and let other people engage i mean even
if you're a woman it goes both ways
right so you shouldn't
try to be a particular thing for a man
or if you're gay you shouldn't try to be
a particular thing for
your partner or someone that you're
attracted to just be who you are
and display that and for the people that
are interested they'll respond
um so does does that make sense like
like i want you guys to not
try to get something to get them to like
you it's sort of like
be who you are and if they're interested
great
because you're probably pretty
interesting
and and if they're interested cool so
like then you guys can build on that and
it's like it's it's a relationship
that's founded on authenticity
now how do you break in between small
talk and free flow and conversation this
is where like you got it like there's
some notes to take here okay
so open-ended question followed by like
investigative response and then a little
bit of sharing
two to one question to answer ratio okay
so like this is where oh what was 2020
like for you oh interesting okay
oh wow that sounds crazy oh you got a
cat cool tell me about your cat
awesome and then you're like yeah i
you know you can toss in like i'm i'm
deathly allergic to cats but
now it's like tough because i clearly
want to meet your cat
and i'm totally into you but i'm
allergic to cats so it's like do i
choose
you know allergies or continuing to
you know shoot my shot with you i don't
know
and then like this is also where like
i'd make your intentions known like
pretty early
okay you gotta let her know like you
gotta flirt
bros you know you'd be like oh man
that's a real pity but you know maybe i
can learn to live with allergies for you
like
if it's if it involves you like
absolutely i can learn to adjust
and then you see how they respond to
that like if they're like oh my god this
guy's a creeper and
and then you're like okay you back off a
little bit maybe you overplayed your
hand
or she giggles in which case it's like
yeah
let's go baby and so so you know
introductory small talk and then like
actually get to know the person because
what you're thinking about is like
you're thinking about dating this person
right so like you want to get to know
like is this a person interesting
what are they into what are you into um
you know how does that and and then like
try to engage with them around
topics that like seem interesting to
both of you guys
so ask a couple of open-ended questions
um
you know i think there are a lot of
questions that people tend to ask that
like
people feel put on the spot so
steer clear of yes or no questions steer
clear of like questions about like
you know if you want to do like what do
you do for a living i don't think that's
an interesting question
um you know what was 2020 like for you
is a good one
um you know what's something that you're
excited about
for 2021 is a good one right so you get
to like learn a little bit about their
interests
you can be like authentically curious
about what they have to say you can
share a little bit
um i think they're like a lot of
questions like that that you can ask
that that will sort of open up the
discussion
what do you think about love i think
that sounds like it's coming on a bit
too strong
uh is dr k a pickup artist certainly not
the last person i picked up was 17 years
ago
so i'm dated to say the least
yeah as smiling is important
right and then like the other thing is
remember you all can be authentic so
this is like
this is the this is this is what i think
is sort of the trump card which can
really like
it you can make or break you but if
you're having trouble talking to a girl
because you don't know like
what to say to her just walk up to her
and be like for the last 10 minutes i've
been
trying to think about how to strike up a
conversation with you because i think
you're
absolutely gorgeous and i haven't been
able to come up with anything
can you help me out just
tell her like lay it out there like be
authentic
and like i've been racking my brain
because i'd love to get to know you
better but i just can't think of
anything
right and and just be authentic
dudes
right be authentic and then we'll see
how she responds and she's like oh yeah
you know
that's a sweet thought but i'm i'm
really not interested and you can say
okay thanks thanks for letting me know i
really appreciate it
enjoy the rest of your night and then
you don't go barking up the wrong tree
like you it's also like
very important to respect boundaries
right like you don't want to push them
and then you can even like so this is
where you can do a little bit of like
asking for
for permission and you can say okay i
get what you're saying sounds like
you're not interested
um if i think of something good
later on in the night like let's say the
two-year-old at a bar or whatever like
if i think of something really really
good
can i take another you know can i take
another swing
and then she'll either say yes or no and
like that's like you're you're asking
for permission you're making your
intentions no
known you're respecting her boundaries
but you're also letting her know like
you're not gonna quite give up right
away and then if she says like yeah you
can take another shot at it
you're like fantastic um
and then i don't know
based or cringed i don't know what based
means
right does that make sense guys like you
want to you want to be you want to be
like respectful
but you want to be like authentic like
respectful authentic
you know respect the boundary you know
make her laugh
be funny you know have confidence
it's like authentic that's that's that's
the way
and then if she's like no you know i'm
i'm seeing someone you're like
awesome good for you and good for that
dude presuming it's a dude
and then you move on with your life
but i can i can [ __ ] guarantee you
that over the next 24 hours
she will think about you at least once
at least once right
and and like it's cool like even if she
rejects you which it's not really a
rejection it's just she's seeing someone
at the end of the day like you're still
gonna make her feel good about herself
right so like you've made the world like
even if it's like rejection on your part
you've made the world like a slightly
better place because you've you've
helped like you've helped a
woman or man or whatever feel attractive
and feel wanted by another human being
which is an awesome gift to give
right even if there's no relationship in
it like it like you you guys are way too
caught up in how it's like affecting you
like oh my god she said no i'm so
embarrassed
but like yeah she use she said no but as
long as you're not cringe about it
which we'll talk about you know cringe
is all about boundaries and respecting
boundaries
but as long as you're not cringe then
you know like even if she turns you down
it's like she's gonna
wake up the next morning and feel like
she's an attractive woman
which is like an awesome thing right so
we live in a society where
we're taught that we're unattractive
because of you know magazines and
integra
instagram filters and all that kind of
crap so if you can help someone feel a
little bit attractive about themselves
like cool
all right